Earliest day on which Alexanderson Day can fall, celebrated on the Sunday closest to July 2. (Sweden)

Earliest day on which CARICOM Day can fall, while July 7 is the latest; celebrated on the first Monday in July. (Guyana)

Earliest day on which Constitution Day can fall, while July 7 is the latest; celebrated on the  first Monday in July. (Cayman Islands)

Earliest day on which Día del Amigo can fall, celebrated on the first Saturday of July. (Peru)

Earliest day on which Fishermen's Holiday, celebrated on the first Friday of July (Marshall Islands)

Earliest day on which Heroes' Day can fall, while July 7 is the latest; celebrated on the first Monday in July. (Zambia)

Earliest day on which International Co-operative Day, can fall, celebrated on the first Saturday of July.

Earliest day on which International Free Hugs Day, can fall, celebrated on the first Saturday of July.

Earliest day on which Navy Day can fall, celebrated on the first Sunday in July. (Ukraine)

Earliest day on which Navy Days can fall, celebrated First Saturday and Sunday. (Netherlands)

Earliest day on which Youth Day can fall, while July 7 is the latest; celebrated on the first Sunday in July. (Singapore)

Armed Forces Day (Singapore)

Canada Day, formerly Dominion Day (Canada)

Children's Day (Pakistan)

Communist Party of China Founding Day (China)

Day of Officials and Civil Servants (Hungary)

Doctors' Day (India)

Emancipation Day (Netherlands Antilles)

Engineer's Day (Bahrain, Mexico)

Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Establishment Day (Hong Kong, China)

Independence Day (Burundi), celebrates the independence of Burundi from Belgium in 1962.

Independence Day (Rwanda)

Independence Day (Somalia)

International Tartan Day

July Morning (Bulgaria)

Keti Koti (Emancipation Day) (Suriname)

Madeira Day (Madeira, Portugal)

Moving Day (Quebec) (Canada)

Newfoundland and Labrador Memorial Day

Republic Day (Ghana)

Sir Seretse Khama Day (Botswana)

Territory Day (British Virgin Islands)

The first day of Van Mahotsav, celebrated until July 7. (India)

